hi everybody i'm always lying
and I am in the company of faith 98 e
francesco rossi
is
today I will explain how as in the in
written cross how to repair harward e
swords and so on
then let 's take the team now
kept the monster disgusted by color and
let 's put the hammond
first you must have an anvil e
put type the sword you put on
same object that made the sword
and it is diamond in this case you will have to
put some diamonds to put back
all right and you have to have experience
always
is
and nothing is this is a team and so
away with the armor we were born not either
an armor so unfounded try with i
leggings
here we put leggings and then we put the
diamonds the same thing guys
and with iron put the iron on
leggings first of course and so on a
here for
so so now the with or was what it is for
focus my friend did not know how
in the central that is still the primaries
I make the video
the luca waited a moment that there is a
po debug always ward pension including
unfortunately now it is no buy monia bailo
we put it
let's keep palmar think if he puts a nice one
high level as mino 324 institution come
here we are here and we put the sword without it
and agia and enchanté putting a sword
normal to do it in this case there is
a diamond or other things and which
they will come for your say we say
numbers to stumble
ie 30 10 and if you want to change
do so you see they always come numbers
different if you want to do it a little more who
can not lighter heavier than
however sword was lentsch ante
how to say guys I haven't yet
uploaded the video that I and faith 98
we had destroyed a house
and anyway we knew we made the
what to do in any case have to really
video because sighed with capan asia
in instead of goals everything lasts a
little bit so I have to take out some
pieces because it lasts 39 minutes anyway i
guys I hope this video is there
liked put some nice like you
to